Fix issues in mgmt guides - Closes #1044 (#1045)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/forging.adoc

IMPORTANT: Restart the node to apply the changes in the config.

== Checking the forging status

To check the forging status of a Lisk Core node execute the following command:

[source,bash]
----
lisk-core forging:status
----
.Example output
----
[{"address":"89aa5fc8861d392f60662f76a379cc348fe97d28","forging":true,"height":670237,"maxHeightPrevoted":670159,"maxHeightPreviouslyForged":670187}]
----

The command returns the hexadecimal representation of the delegate address based on the details added to the config in the previous step <<adding-the-delegate-info-to-the-config>> and if the delegate has forging enabled or not.

> It also returns three variables which are required to enable forging for a delegate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also returns the following three variables that are required to enable forging for a delegate:
```
